# *Tradespace Exploration for Software Defined Farm using RDM*

by *Shiang, Yifan*

> Fill out the sections below with the information for your paper.

This paper has been submitted for publication in *Journal*.

> Brief description of what the paper is about (the key points).
> You can include a main paper figure here also.  
*Caption for the example figure with the main results.*

## Abstract

> Paper abstract

## Code implementation and references

> Briefly describe the software/scripts used to produce the results of the
> paper. The following is an example:

All source code used to generate the results and figures in the paper are in
the `code` folder.
The data used in this study is provided in `data` and the sources for the
manuscript text and figures are in `manuscript`.
Results generated by the code are saved in `results`.
See the `README.md` files in each directory for a full description.

## Use the code

### Prerequisite  Softwares
Please install all software listed below. You should allow all three programs to update your PATH environment variable.
- Python 3.6 (Anaconda Python is strongly recommended by Rhodium and its dependencies. Note that earlier or later versions may not support the features of this software.)
- Git
- [J3](https://github.com/Project-Platypus/J3) (for visualization)

### Prerequisite  Libraries
Please install all libraries listed below to your python environment.
- [Rhodium, PRIM, and Platypus](https://github.com/Project-Platypus/Rhodium/blob/master/INSTALL.md) (Follow instructions here)
- OApackage: run `pip install oapackage`
- SKlearn (version lower than 0.22): run `pip install --upgrade scikit-learn==0.20.3`
- [J3py](https://github.com/Project-Platypus/J3Py) : Download and run `python setup.py install`

### Run the code
1. Clone this git repository
- In the command prompt, create a folder where the code repositories will be stored
- Run: `git clone https://github.com/yifz98/farmVal_Rhodium.git`
2. Run Tradespace Exploration Tool
- Navigate to `farmVal_Rhodium/code`
- Run `python trade_speace_rhodium.py`


## Dependencies

> Depending on your project, the script might depend on several other packages
> to run. If using Python, you can use a '.yml' file specifying your dependencies.
> You can create one and place it in the repository so subsequent users take it
> and create a Python environment with all they need to replicate your results.
> This section should then describe how one can set up an environment with the
> dependencies necessary to run your code.

You'll need Python *version number* to run the code.
You can set up an environment with all dependencies using an environment manager
like [Anaconda Python distribution](https://www.anaconda.com/download/) which
provides the `conda` package manager.
Anaconda can be installed in your user directory and does not interfere with
the system Python installation.
The required dependencies are specified in the file `environment.yml`.

Run the following command in the repository folder (where `environment.yml`
is located) to create a separate environment and install all required
dependencies in it:

    conda env create

## Data
> You need to either provide or cite the data used in your analysis.
> Avoid cluttering your repository with a lot of raw data but instead archive and
> mint a DOI for your data.

Hadjimichael, A. (2020). My interesting dataset [Data set]. DataHub. https://doi.org/some-doi-number

## Reproducing the results

> Here you should include all information necessary to reproduce your results.
> Ideally, you'd set up a makefile that automates as much as possible, but make
> sure to provide clear step-by-step instructions for everything.
> The following can be used as example of replicating Python code.

Activate the conda environment:

    source activate ENVIRONMENT_NAME

or, on Windows:

    activate ENVIRONMENT_NAME

To build and test the software, produce all results and figures, follow these steps:

> Add steps here


## License

All source code is made available under a BSD 3-clause license. You can freely
use and modify the code, without warranty, so long as you provide attribution
to the authors.

The manuscript text is not open source. The authors reserve the rights to the
article content, which is currently submitted for publication in the
JOURNAL NAME.
